(JSON)
In computing, JavaScript Object Notation or JSON is an open-standard file format that uses human-readable text to transmit data objects consisting of attribute–value pairs and array data types (or any other serializable value).
JSON is a very common data format used for asynchronous browser/server communication, including as a replacement for XML in some AJAX-style systems.
JSON objects are written in key/value pairs.
It is common for JSON objects to be used in web applications instead of xml.
JSON objects are common when using Watson products.
There are several programming patterns that are common when using JSON Objects.
It was derived from JavaScript, but as of 2017 many programming languages include code to generate and parse JSON format data.
JSON objects are good at showing hierarchy in data.
Douglas Crockford originally specified the JSON format in the early 2000s.
(HTTP GET)
The GET method requests a representation of the specified resource.
Requests using a GET request should only retrieve data and should have no other effect.
A GET request can be cached.
An HTTP GET request will remain in the browser history.
To use a GET request, try running a CURL command from the command line.
(OPENWHISK)
The OpenWhisk serverless architecture accelerates development as a set of small, distinct, and independent actions.
By abstracting away infrastructure, OpenWhisk frees members of small teams to rapidly work on different pieces of code simultaneously, keeping the overall focus on creating user experiences customers want.
OpenWhisk is serverless, using business rules to bind events, triggers, and actions to each other.
OpenWhisk actions run automatically only when needed.
OpenWhisk has a serverless architecture which promotes quickly, scalably creating and modifying action sequences to meet the evolving demands of mobile-driven user experience.
(ID)
IBM uses an internal ID system for its employees.
Boise, ID, is a city in the US.
Idaho, state abbreviation ID, is known for their potatoes.
ID systems are a type of "something you have" or "something you know" security.
